Configuration Documentation [13180] (#76)
eProsima/DDS-Router: docs/rst/user_manual/glossary.rst

        See `Fast DDS documentation <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/v2.4.1/fastdds/dds_layer/subscriber/subscriber.html>`__
        for further information.

    Discovery Server
        Discovery Server Discovery Protocol is a Fast DDS feature that enables a new Discovery mechanism based on a
        Server that filters and distribute the discovery information.

>         This is very helpful in networks where multicast is not available (e.g. WAN).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This is highly recommended in networks where multicast is not available (e.g. WAN).
```

Author: :+1:
